hey guys bring back here again with
another one is awesome 1990 movie
versions of the ninja turtle this time
we have Leonardo and hit the back real
quick these figures cost about twenty
dollars each and they do have 34 points
of articulation which is really really
cool this is part of classic collection
of the action for here I think it's
awesome so let's check it out so just is
the sole only an auto action figure to
get this time it is very very cool like
I said it has 34 points of articulation
but before we take a look at that I want
you to see the awesome little face stand
to get looks like a sewer drain with the
logo and also says 1990 movies leo very
awesome and start with the articulation
just down with the toes even each toe
moves individually which is pretty cool
and you have all kinds of joints in the
legs down here at the foot the knee also
this line right here is a clip joint
kind of stiff but you can see how it
does actually move which is very cool
and unexpected in my opinion and then of
course you have the regular like joint
at the top there then Vlade actually
move separately from the bottom part of
the body so you can kind of I can
physically make advance do you want to
and be hands are also like the toes
three vendors individually very cool
can all his sword and of course you have
like another wrist joint and elbow joint
and then the regular arm joint at the
top and also this part right here moves
so just all kinds of articulation you
can put these figures and any kind of
pose you want which is very cool we've
also got where you can hold the swords
on the back so it's just a really really
awesome you smell figure I really really
love these and I'm definitely going to
select them all but anyway let me know
your thoughts in the comments below
thanks for watching guys click here to
check out some more Ninja Turtle toy
reviews and don't forget to comment like
favorite and subscribe